= Extension:Bib2SMW =

This is an extension that allows to parse a BibTeX-file into a
Semantic Mediawiki installation, so that the BibTeX records can be
queried and displayed.

= Options =
If you want to have the filesize of the PDFs, ou need to set
"$wgBib2SMWPDFPath" to the Paths where the PDFs are. This is only used to save
the filesize, not for displaying.

"$wgBibTeXXMLPath" is The Path where your parsed BibTeX Files are expected.
You can easily parse them using the 'pyGenXML.sh'. If you change the Path of
the bib / xml files, you will have to change it both in LocalSettings and in
the bash file.

"$wgBibTeXDBPage" is the 'prefix' of the Pagename, used to store the SMW-data
The Page name is also used to determine the name of your xml-file. If your xml
file is called 'ICP.xml', than you should create the page $wgBibTeXDBPage_ICP
with the content <updateBib2SMW/>

"$wgBibTeXDBSize" is there so that you can limit how many entrys are
parsed. This value should be bigger than the number of entrys in your bib
file.


= INSTALL =
1. In order to use it you have to add 
require_once("extensions/Bib2SMW/Bib2SMW.php" );
to your LocalSettings.php.

2. You might want to change some options

3. Create a wikipage named $wgBibTeXDBPage_$filename_without_xml
eg. "Database_ICP". This page has to contain the entry <updateBib2SMW/>

4. Import the properties for the BibTeX-entries.

5. Create and run your updatescript. This script should include:
 5.1 Get the current .bib file
 5.2 parse the .bib file with pyGenXML.sh
 5.3 cd to extensions/SemanticMediaWiki/maintenance and call the maintainance
 script php SMW_refreshData.php --page="Database_ICP" where you have to enter
 the correct page name.

6. Import the Templates of create your own Templates for displaying the Data.
